Add new tool mqsnoop (#11)
bpftrace/user-tools: mqsnoop/README.md

# mqsnoop

This traces POSIX message queue send.

> This is done by instrumenting /lib64/libc.so.6:mq_timedsend uprobe.

Reviewer: This line needs to get updated (or just deleted)

Author: Deleted, thank.

## Output

$ sudo ./mqsnoop.bt
Attaching 3 probes...
Tracing POSIX message queue send, hit ctrl-c to end.
TIME     PID      COMM             LEN      PRIO     MSG
16:04:39 82100    mqtest           4        32767    abc\x00
^CBye.

The first line shows that pid 82100 (locate thread) send posix message queue,

> command is mqtest, length 4 bytes, priority equal to 32767.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thread name is mqtest, length 4 bytes, priority equal to 32767.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.
